No, it's not over.
The big deal is fish die and the net is broken
We have a lot of people tonight
None of you are leaving alive
Don't worry about this.
They can't do anything to me.
The knife is on my neck
Said you can't help me
If you don't install the opportunity, the temple will die.
President Jiang, none of this has anything to do with us
Head debt and son
Wen, please persuade your father
Zhang Yi, you are already proud enough tonight
That's about it.
So many of them, so many against you
Do you still want to show off your prestige?
No matter how powerful the fifth master is
Can he protect you?
Don't worry big brother
Today, even if I, Wang Xiaohu, live out my name
I will also protect you
Don't worry they can't kill me
Don't you care about his real name?
What about my name?
Tiger, protect them
I'll handle these people.
Yes, we are.
It's not your turn to do it yourself